web-arcade-book-samples/README.md, before:

# WebArcade

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Synchronized with the latest code

web-arcade-book-samples/README.md, after:

# Web Arcade

An imaginary online gaming arcade. it is a sample use case for the book on Building Offline Applications with Angular.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.1.

## Run the sample as a PWA (Progressive Web App)

Use the following command to run the application as a PWA

`npm run start-pwa`

(or)

`yarn start-pwa`

**Note:** The code sample uses 
1. Http Server for running a developer class web server hosting the Angular application
2. Express based HTTP server providing mock respones

## Run the code samples with Webpack (default Angular Dev Server)
Use the following command to run the application with the default Angular Dev Server

`npm run start`

(or)

`yarn start`

## Additional scripts and commands

Run the following scripts with `npm run [script-name]` or yarn `[script name]`

| Script Name                  | Purpose                                                                      |
|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| start-api                    | Runs Node.js based backend server                                            |
| start-http-server            | Performs production build on the Angular application and runs on Http-Server |
| start-http-server-no-install | Quick way to restart Http-server. Does not perform build or install          |

### Connect with the author
Twitter [@keertikotaru](https://twitter.com/keertikotaru) | [Code Venkey](https://codevenkey.com)
